# E-Learning Solution - Tutor Uncle #simpliLearn hackathon

These days you can find that when it comes to studies, students have got enough burden on them. Their bags have become heavier &  they start doing projects even before they understand the meaning of it!
This happens in most of the families, that when studies become boring, parents often show their children, a greed of gifting them something, if they secure excellent scores.

Here, in our project, we have tried to implement few things, very much similar to the concept that I have just mentioned.

In this E-Learning application, the administrator can create the courses & their respective subjects. After which they would be able to upload the chapters in the subjects in any format like documents, images, videos etc. The student can then refer & study the chapters, at the end of which he/ she will have to give a test. And the score of the test will be calculated.

So, here's the twist that we have brought in! The student will be provided with 10 lives, which will be reduced if he gives a wrong answer in the test. He will have to use this lives throughout the course. If a particular user lost all lives before the last chapter, he/she need to buy lives by redeeming their coins. Here we have a criteria that the user's score is below 100 he can play as much as times he wants.

Other important area is interaction room. User who enrolled in a particular course can interact through a forum. Here user can post their doubts and others can answer these questions. For each like your are receiving from others will increase your earnings. If you got a like from a person who have greater rank than the user he will get a bonus point. All the point annoucement can be done via social network.

 Another attraction of getting a high score is that, he/she can use his/her scores  can redeem the scores to get exciting prizes or gifts. We can have collaboration with some brands and revenue will be generated by this way. 

Future Enhancement

We have a plan to add special type of users called Instructors. These users can add their own courses. 
